Update tracking-javascript-guide.md (#665)
piwik/developer-documentation: docs/4.x/tracking-javascript-guide.md

If you'd like to provide your users with the ability to opt-out entirely from tracking, you can use an opt-out form. Matomo ships with an
opt-out form implementation that uses third-party cookies (which you can configure within Matomo on the _Matomo > Administration > Privacy_ page).

> This form is simple to embed since it only requires that you add an iframe to your website, but it is not always ideal. In such a case, you may want to consider creating a custom opt-out form. The specifics of creating an HTML/JS form are out of scope for

Reviewer: Guess it actually no longer does require adding an iframe, but some javascript instead? 🤔

Author: @bx80 can you please suggest an accuracy improvement on my sentence here?

Author: Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
This form is simple to embed since it only requires that you add a snippet of code to your website, but it is not always ideal. In such a case, you may want to consider creating a custom opt-out form. The specifics of creating an HTML/JS form are out of scope for
```

Reviewer 2: `a snippet of code` sounds good, there are two different bits of code that can be added, but stating that here will only confuse matters. :+1:
